hello and welcome to the Gubru showed
his me Joanie on secor and welcome type
of to us and fella Bochy review I
was going to talk about both games in
this one and video impressive defender
battery performance the bishop does one
was actually really good as well
unfortunately that late goal premier
took away the result but I thought the
federal battery game was very very good
to see Kosta hazard Oscar surely matage
and Fabregas on the same pitch at the
same time it was very very awesome to
see beastly as what i put on my tweet
when I tweet late the seam sheet and it
definitely was a that starting lineup
against about finna Bochy the only
change i would make is Filipe Luis at
left-back and then you could pick or
choose banners or caesar or a row bucket
so pick or choose really i don't mind
anymore i was but i first made the shine
i think i was infamous for being a
Branislav Ivanovic hater but over the
past couple of seasons he's definitely
won me over and to be fair pick or
choose between him in Cesar certain
games would be brandished earnings at be
Caesar but yeah I want a freak a lease
to start against burnley a hundred
percent I'm gonna stick keep the best to
last debate coaster at the end of the
video because I want to go more in depth
on that but you know the game against
friend about she was really really good
cesc fabregas in that deep line midfield
position was awesome his past ranges in
you know sensational I really like the
you know the combination of matic and
Fabregas you've got big strong dominant
and you got and maestro an architect you
know catalyst he's just immense in that
role and I know he's good going forward
here grab you a couple of goals but why
can't you do that anyway the manual
matted she's very very good at should in
the defense anyway so cess can at the
right moment to press forward and even
if he's playing that deep lion roar we
can still push forward so Burnley
nemanja matic cesc fabregas center
midfield partnership hundred percent I
think not one hundred percent will
happen the three behind the strikers I
thought though Oscar and sure looked
very very sharp considering the fact
that they've just you know they went to
the the third-place playoff and the
final of the world cup they've come back
in and surely look really really sharp
saying with Oscar one of his problems at
the end of last season was given the
ball away too easily I think he did it
once tonight which is
really good looking forward to it season
I think this is a season for Oscar
saying that has art where is the one
they're going to set the world alight
seeing my shirt already as well but me
Oscar played very very well so nicely
little neat neat flicks some great paths
in impressive Oscar going Ava's Eden
Hazard the first gaming it's been a
bocce I thought was one or two paces
behind the rest he didn't look too sharp
he miss controlled it a few times you
weren't really in the game but that
change to get changed again spaceship
does the more he got on the ball the
more you got into the game and he was
beaten players looking quick and you
know by the time you get to the rail
siren off a game I think that even a be
back to full fitness and raring to go
for the Bernie game para check you know
he made an incredible saving it's been
about Jay and then you know he's made
another one in the game in any
kind of let it good thing let himself
down with that from a corner and it is a
problem teams will start to pick up on
that and they will just pile them they
are poor players around him at corners
and they will take advantage of it and I
think that check it's so difficult
because he did make some great saves but
you need to have to dominate that box
and it's something that T buccal swab
does so very well so at this moment i'm
bernie i think it's going to be Tebow
but i want to know your thoughts on that
one would you go up a check against
Bernie or would you go with Tebow court
why let me know down in the comments
they're going over to Diego Costa what
an incredible goal that was this like
when we could signed in people were
saying oh you're crying again sort like
a rude van this door score anything in
the books he doesn't beat players he
doesn't dribble um you don't do much
outside the box all in the box you just
completely shattered that myth really
you think about it because you drew a
pass for players you show strength great
finish in the box and yeah sensational
finish this is what he's doing in
pre-season think what he's going to do
in this season I think it's going to be
amazing and you know he seems to have
this really good connection this moment
in time with Cesc fàbregas that was
something that I picked up free of the
water preseason and I picked up again
today and that's great I just cannot see
cost the same a drug but if he gets in
the team I can't see him not screwing
with Fabregas in the same team
especially when you add to the mix
hazard Oscar willya and Schurrle and
when
come on I thought you look sharp as well
which is like I said it's really
shocking these players are in the world
cup he will have a part to play I still
think Oscar should have arrested because
the fact that me a football he has
played but after his performance today
you can see when mourinho is playing him
but yeah overall a very very good
workout we saw some great things we saw
some great play it seems to be heading
in the right direction i'm still again
i'm getting so excited for this season i
think it's going to be a great one so
let me know your thoughts table Amish
you to like favorite comment and
subscribe the defense was solid as
always that's why I didn't go much into
it gary cailin John sorry it was same as
what we always get fund those two very
very solid and they know your thoughts
and pepper check thibaut courtois who
plays against Bernie oh really wanna
know your thoughts down below make sure
to LIKE favorite comment and subscribe
go over to my facebook group talk
chelsea FC all my links are down in the
description box also in there is my
instagram much i'm going to be uploading
a lot more clips on there and some
pictures and stuff to go over to a into
the ground all done anything below do as
you please so like I said Mitchell to
like favorite comment and subscribe you
can watch in a guru show as watch again
very very soon if I was you I'd go and
check out that cross the gold again
because it was incredible see you there